---
layout: default
group: fedg
title: Magento前端开发手册
menu_title: 介绍
menu_order: 1
github_link: frontend-dev-guide/bk-frontend-dev-guide.md
redirect_from: /guides/v1.0/frontend-dev-guide/bk-frontend-dev-guide.html
---

<h2 id="overview-introduction">介绍</h2>
本文档提供了创建和安装自定义店面主题的 Magento 应用说明。它描述了 Magento 的内容呈现过程，如何高效地创建一个主题所需要的系统的视图层。该文档还是Magento前端开发人员的必读手册。

开发一个自定义模块的视图部分和定制 Magento 管理员面板设计是超出了本手册的范围.

前端开发人员可以使用本指南来创建自定义主题，来为特定客户量身定制的Magento店面.

<p>根据不同水平的开发技能,您可以定制不同的级别到您的网店:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>You can make relatively simple changes to your site using cascading style sheets (CSS) to change colors and the look-and-feel of various interface components, replacing images, and other relatively cosmetic changes.</p>
<p>No structural changes are made to pages&mdash;you accept the structure of the site provided by default by modules you load on to your site.</p>
<p>This can be a good starting point for a site as it is requires the least effort and knowledge.</p></li>
<li><p>A small step beyond changing CSS and images on your site is to make changes to the HTML generated by existing modules.</p>
<p>This requires rudimentary PHP skills to adjust PHTML template files.</p>
<p>Although PHP coding is involved, this is typically copying and pasting small fragments of PHP code from existing template files into a new template file with differently structured HTML.</p>
<p>This can be useful if the existing HTML generated does not have sufficient CSS class names or HTML elements to achieve the presentation change you would like to achieve.</p></li>
<li><p>The next level of sophistication is to make structural changes to your site by moving functionality between places on a page or to completely different pages.</p>
<p>This is achieved using the Magento layout engine.  No PHP coding is required to make layout changes, but the layout engine is moderately sophisticated.</p></li>
<li><p>Finally, you can develop new modules to add new custom functionality to your site or to extend functionality provided by existing Magento or third party modules.</p>
<p>This third level of customization is not addressed in this guide.</p>
<p>See the Developers' Guide for details on how to develop new modules.</p>
<p>This requires PHP programming knowledge in addition to knowledge of all of the preceding areas.</p></li>
</ul>

<div class="bs-callout bs-callout-info" id="info">
<p>There have been some inquiries about the status of the Visual Design Editor (VDE), which is currently part of the Magento development code base. The VDE enables assigning and unassigning themes, editing theme CSS and JS files, changing page layouts, and managing blocks and their positions on pages in a WYSIWYG mode. We'd like to clarify that to meet higher priority objectives, the VDE will <em>not</em> be part of the initial Magento release. Future plans for the VDE will be communicated at a later point in time. You are welcome to continue to provide input on the VDE, but please note that we will not be actively reviewing or actioning these comments in the near term.</p>
</div>

<h2 id="fedg-prereqs">Frontend development prerequisites</h2>

To implement what is discussed in this guide, you need a working Magento installation and the following browser versions installed on your device:

*	Internet Explorer 9 or later (Windows)
*	Mozilla Firefox latest, latest-2 (any operating system)
*	Google Chrome latest, latest-2 (any operating system)
*	Apple Safari 5 or later (Mac OS)
*	Apple Safari Mobile for iPad, iPad Mini, iPad with Retina Display (iOS 6 or later), for Desktop Frontend
*	Apple Safari Mobile for iPhone 4 or later; iOS 6 or later, for Mobile Frontend

使用手册，您需要熟悉以下技能:

*	CSS and CSS 3
*	HTML and HTML 5
*	XML
*	JavaScript
*	Responsive Web Design (RWD) 响应式网页设计

#### Related topics:

*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-general.html">主题(Theme)</a>
*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/theme-ui-lib.html">Magento UI库</a>
*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/css-overview.html">样式表(CSS) </a>
*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}coding-standards/code-standard-javascript.html">JavaScript编码标准</a>
*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}frontend-dev-guide/responsive-web-design/rwd_overview.html">响应式网页设计(RWD)</a>
*	<a href="{{ site.gdeurl }}architecture/behavior/xlate.html">翻译</a>

